---
layout: post
title: "Faith"
modified:
categories: poems
excerpt: "An epic saga of having faith"
tags: [faith, epic, saga, poems]
image:
  feature:
comments: true
date: 2013-06-21T23:23:39-04:00
---
Hold on tight,<br/>
Air, fire - a final fight,<br/>
Their swords vs. our might,<br/>
The sun's ebbing - Hope's light.<br/>
The enemy strike, an attempts made,<br/>
The warriors draw their blade,<br/>
Albeit I have no bow or blade,<br/>
Nor a gun nor spade,<br/>
My fears, they fade;<br/>
I don't yield, I win,<br/>
And soon twilight sets in.<br/>
Another attempt from darkness' kin,<br/>
I persevere, desires within;<br/>
Night at evils peak,<br/>
No silver moon to seek,<br/>
I heave - my breath's weak,<br/>
I cringe as the dead shriek,<br/>
The fallen heroes, they speak.<br/>
"Have faith, always persist,<br/>
Embrace death, don't resist."<br/>
A fire they smouldered,<br/>
To passion I surrendered,<br/>
Not to death, my weapons surrendered,<br/>
They thought I had blundered,<br/>
But then the sky thundered;<br/>
Rode in a shining knight,<br/>
The end's near - recede night,<br/>
Leap, jump the goal is in sight,<br/>
Grab the chance, the moment's right,<br/>
Dawn's here to witness our might.<br/>
I stand there with eyes tight,<br/>
Chest heavy, brows drenched,<br/>
Shoulders loose, a thirst unquenched;<br/>
The enemy attacks with malice,<br/>
All their attempts and futile tries,<br/>
This time won't suffice,<br/><br/>
I don't slash, I don't slice,<br/>
I stand my ground, take every blow,<br/>
The pain stings on a bloody brow.<br/>
My body cringes, I don't fall,<br/>
I know, I'll make the final call.<br/>
Another wave, another attack,<br/>
This warrior won't fight back. <br/>
So, even after their many tries,<br/>
The flames of hope burn in my eyes.<br/>
I didn't seek the enemies demise,<br/>
But my will to hold, and faith to rise.<br/><br/>
Seeing my courage, an indomitable will,<br/>
He's at loss, he orders to hold still.<br/>
He won't win, I won't fight,<br/><br/>
he accepts defeat, ends it right.<br/><br/>
Orders his armies to retreat,<br/>
Another battle, a miraculous feat,<br/>
A victory without defeat.<br/><br/>
It's not victory or defeat,<br/>
Nor glory or retreat,<br/>
But wits and resolve,<br/>
Which can shelter your fall.<br/>
So never lose hope, don't give up,<br/>
Shake the dust, and stand up.<br/>
As the sun shines, remember,<br/>
It's never too late, so lumber.<br/><br/>
The night's gone, day befalls,<br/>
A new story, a journey for all,<br/>
Another enemy standing tall,<br/>
To test our wits and resolve,<br/>
So let's act as life calls!<br/><br/>

